Translation Units: A program usually consists of several separate parts
These separate parts (sometimes called
translation units) must be compiled and
the resulting object code files must be
linked together to form an executable
program.51

Declaration: Is a program statement
specifying how a piece of code can be used.51

Object: is a region of memory with a type that specifies what kind of  information can be placed in it.60

Variable: A named object is called a variable.60



 Definition: A statement that introduces a new name into a program and sets aside memory for a variable is called a definition.
61

Objects: The “places” in which we store data are called objects.62

Definition: A statement that defines a variable.63


type: defines a set of possible values and a set of operations (for an object).77

object: is some memory that holds a value of a given type.77

value:is a set of bits in memory interpreted according to a type.77

variable: is a named object.77

declaration: is a statement that gives a name to an object.77

 Definition: is a declaration that sets aside memory for an object.77

Arguments:  Inputs to a part of a program are often called arguments and outputs from a part of a program are often called results.91

Abstraction: Hide details that we don’t need to use a facility (“implemen
tation details”) behind a convenient and general interface. 93




symbolic constant: a named object to which you can’t give a new value after it has been initialized.96

magic constants: Non-obvious literals in code (outside definitions of symbolic constants) are derisively referred to as magic constants.96

Translation Unit: A program consists of several separately compiled parts, called translation units. Every function in a program must be declared with exactly the same type in  every translation unit in which it is used. We use header files to ensure that.140





Declaration: is a statement that introduces a name into a scope.Specifying a type for what is named (e.g., a variable or a function) and Optionally, specifying an initializer (e.g., an initializer value or a function body).257
Definition: A declaration that (also) fully specifies the entity declared is called a definition.258

Header: Header is a collection of declarations, typically defined in a file, so a header is also called a header file. Such headers are then #included in our source files.264 

 Scope:Scope is a region of program text. A name is declared in a scope and is valid (is “in scope”) from the point of its declaration until the end of the scope in which it was declared. 266
Global scope: the area of text outside any other scope.267

Namespace scope: a named scope nested in the global scope or in another namespace.267

Class scope: the area of text within a class.267

Local scope: between { . . . } braces of a block or in a function argument list.267

Statement scope: e.g., in a for-statement.267